It was a beautiful summer day in the countryside, with golden cornfields and green meadows. A mother duck sat on her nest, waiting for her eggs to hatch. When they did, all the ducklings except one were adorable. The mother duck suspected the odd one out might be a turkey egg. Despite this, she continued to care for it. When it finally hatched, the duckling was large and ugly. However, when they went to the water, he swam just as well as the others. The mother duck decided to take her brood to the farmyard. Despite being teased and bullied by the other animals for his appearance, the mother defended him, saying he had a good disposition and would grow up strong. The ugly duckling eventually ran away and found solace with wild ducks on a moor.
In the morning, the duckling was greeted by wild ducks who remarked on his ugliness but offered him companionship. Later, two wild geese invited him to join them as a bird of passage, but they were shot by hunters. Frightened, the duckling stayed hidden until evening when he found shelter in a dilapidated cottage. There, he met a hen and a tomcat who lived with an old woman. They allowed him to stay, but the hen and cat belittled him for his appearance. Feeling out of place, the duckling decided to leave and venture out into the world again. As autumn turned into winter, he witnessed the migration of beautiful swans, longing to be like them. As the winter grew colder, he struggled to keep a space of water open to swim in until he became trapped in the ice.
He broke the ice to rescue the duckling and took it home. However, the duckling, afraid of the family's children, caused chaos in the house and fled. Throughout the harsh winter, the duckling suffered, but with the arrival of spring, he found himself in a beautiful garden. Seeing elegant swans, he resigned himself to death, but upon seeing his reflection, he realized he had transformed into a swan himself. The swans welcomed him, and the garden's children praised his beauty. Overwhelmed with happiness, he embraced his newfound identity, grateful for the journey from an ugly duckling to a graceful swan.
